# Arkham Horror LCG Tabbed Dividers

This repo is a generator for tabbed dividers for Arkham Horror LCG.  
Check out the generated output [here](https://htmlpreview.github.io/?https://github.com/JPricey/arkham_tabbed_dividers/blob/main/tabbed_dividers.html)! Or see notes below on how to customize the output yourself.

This output is intended to be printed on 8.5x11.

## Code Layout

`card_definitions.py` contains the definition for all dividers. Each divider can customize its colour, icon, text, and watermark set icon. Divider sets can set a custom tab width.  
`dividers.py` contains the code for turning a divider definition into a rendered divider.  
`main.py` is the main entry point to the script. It's also where we choose which dividers should be included in final outputs.  
`tabbed_dividers.html` is the final output of the script. Open this page up in your browser, and print it out!  

## Generating

Make sure you have python 3 installed. Install dependencies and run the script to generate a new tabbed_dividers.html:

```
pip install -r requirements.txt

python main.py
```

Select which cards you want generated by commenting out the options in main.py.

## Encounter Set Ordering

What's the best ordering for encounter sets? Here's my take:
1. List out the encounters in "first seen in the campaign guide" order.
2. Make some minor manual tweeks to try to group up encounter sets that are more often used together.

For some of the standalones, I've also created separate dividers for setup & the encounter deck, even when the scenario shares the same encounter icon.

I haven't played through all of these campaigns yet, so some of these orderings may not completely make sense. Feedback is appreciated!

## TODOs
This project is not complete. The following sets are missing:
- [ ] TCU
- [ ] TIC
- [ ] TDE
- [ ] Remaining standalones

I'm not currently working on completing this project, however if you would like to take this on I will happily give help / guidance.
